samples: peripheral_uart: Introduce Thingy:53 with DFU (#5072)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/peripheral_uart/README.rst

You can also test the application with the :ref:`central_uart` sample.
See the documentation for that sample for detailed instructions.

.. note::

>    The sample can be also used with :ref:`zephyr:thingy53_nrf5340`.
>    When the sample is used with this board, it supports MCUBoot bootloader with serial recovery and SMP DFU over Bluetooth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can use this sample also with :ref:`zephyr:thingy53_nrf5340`.
   When the sample is used with this board, it supports MCUBoot bootloader with serial recovery and SMP DFU over Bluetooth.
```

Author: fixed
